
1.Make it easier for people to segregate waste.
	a.How hard is it to begin with? What are the confusing items? What is the right place to put composite waste products like tea bags? Is organic product in dry waste easier to treat or vice-versa?
	b.How can we train the public to be able to classify dry/wet/hazardous waste from each other? Is it more feasible to train the public or to make a technological solution like a smart bin?

2.Incentivize people to segregate waste - see how people respond to such an intervention.
	a.To what extent do we want them to segregate their waste (minimum 2-3 categories {dry, wet and hazardous, but what is the upper limit. If they do segregate to such larger extents, then our transportation costs will also rise.)

3.For just dry waste:
	a.Automatic segregation of different types of dry-waste (based on site/nature of recycle or re-use)
	b.Finding out the materials which are frequently disposed but do not have any recycling/re-use procedure in literature -- what can we do about it?
		i.What can be done to them immediately? (incinerate?)
		ii.What can be done in the long term? (laws to come up with degrade techniques to be able to start its manufacturing, or doing ad hoc research to either recycle, reuse or transform these kind of products, etc.)


=============================================================

Project Ideas:

1. (Credits: Vivek Seshadri) We can stick a GPS+GPRS stick to some
samples of different kinds of wastes (cardboards, papers, plastic,
electronic, metal, glass ... and if possible even to wet waste in some
manner) and track their positions after the BBMP trucks collect them
to actually analyse what happens to the waste collected by BBMP (at
least from one particular area). Our current assumption is that some
amount of the waste is being responsibly handled - as per the reports
of the BBMP website, but most of the waste is mixed upon collection
from the producers and then dumped in some nearby village.

2. We can start a survey of some sort to understand how aware and how
much willing to pay is a person (living in slums of bangalore) for
solving his/her own waste management problems. We currently are
assuming that they don't want to pay anything because their default
method is zero cost, in which they just throw their waste outside
their own houses. We also assume that they have little to no knowledge
about how harmful is the unmanaged waste for them, their children and
the earth. Such a survey should also happen for people in other walks
of life.

3. Smart bin technology. (Yet to do the back-ground work for this). We
first need to figure out the whole mapping of day-to-day waste to the
appropriate bin that should be used. Once this is prepared, we can
work on the following projects:

     	a) Some people have already worked on and made incentive based
     	public dustbins. One project can be to test its success.
	
	b) We can work on technology to come up with a design to
	reduce the cost of a hybrid dustbin which has one mouth and 3
	(or more) stomachs - wet, dry and hazardous, for household and
	public places' use.

3'. Modified q3

a) What is the best way of handling wet waste?
composing/bio-fuel/something else?

b) What level of segregation is ideal for dry waste?

c) How to handle hazardous waste?

Design of a large trash can that can installed in a local house-hold.
	

4. In a pilot for households in a particular area - for example
Koramangala or Seshadripuram or Shantinagar - where we incentivize
people to give us all their waste and they will get something in
return, we can monitor the amount and nature of waste that we get from
each household to understand:

	a) Whether the household was already holding on to a lot of
	recyclable waste just in the hope of being able to dispose it
	off responsibly (like the case of Vivek). This can be seen as
	a spike in the amount of dry waste in the beginning of the
	period of pilot.
	
	b) Whether these households are getting motivated to not throw
	waste where they generate, and instead bring the waste back
	home to add to their own dustbins. This can be seen as a
	gradual increase in the amount of dry waste, or a gradual
	increase in the rate at which the amount of dry waste
	increases (to account for the fact that their consumption is
	anyway either increasing or decreasing due to various other
	reasons).
	
	c) What is the appropriate frequency at which wet waste should
	be collected.
	

==============================================================

We also have to find out mechanisms of testing how answering any of the projects above and completing any of the projects above solve our problem of city cleaning. We have to come up with metrics to measure impact and methods of measuring these metrics.
